feat: export traces to dynatrace via otel + automatically fire up host-metrics (#73)
cap-js/telemetry: CHANGELOG.md

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).
The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/).

## Version 0.0.3 - TBD

### Added

> - Support for exporting traces to Dynatrace via OpenTelemetry

Author: ```suggestion
- Support for exporting traces to Dynatrace via OpenTelemetry exporter (instead of Dynatrace OneAgent)
```

> - `@opentelemetry/host-metrics` is automatically started, if it is in the project's dependencies

Author: ```suggestion
- `@opentelemetry/host-metrics` is automatically fired up, if it is in the project's dependencies
```
